feat: Tabs: Document new structure (#5467)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/tabs/README.md

## Tabs [d2l-tabs]

> The `d2l-tabs` element is a web component for tabbed content. It provides the `d2l-tab` component for simple tab content, and the `d2l-tab-panel` component for the panel content. It also provides the `TabMixin` for custom tabs. It renders tabs responsively and provides virtual scrolling for large tab lists. The tabs and panels are paired using an `id` on the tab handle and corresponding `labelled-by` on the `d2l-tab-panel`.

Reviewer: Seems like we're overloading the term content a bit. What do you think of...
```suggestion
The `d2l-tabs` element is a web component for tabbed content, providing layout and responsive scrolling behaviour. The `d2l-tab` element is a simple tab handle that renders text, matched with a `d2l-tab-panel` element to contain the corresponding content. In addition, the `TabMixin` can be extended to implement custom tab handles. The tabs and panels are paired using an `id` on the tab handle and corresponding `labelled-by` on the `d2l-tab-panel`.
```

Please don't feel obligated to accept that ☝️  suggestion. I'm also sorta on the fence about mentioning `TabMixin`. Like menu-items, I want them to know it's possible, but I also kinda want them to reach out to before doing-so.

Author: There is also a section on "Custom Tabs" that documents the usage. I could see why we'd want to know the use case before it's used though. I'll think a bit more on how to document it in a subtle way.

| `id` | String, required | Unique identifier for the tab |
| `text` | String, required | The text used for the tab and for labelling the corresponding panel |
| `selected` | Boolean | Use to select the tab |

### Events
- `d2l-tab-content-change`: Dispatched when the text attribute is changed. Triggers virtual scrolling calculations in parent `d2l-tabs`.
- `d2l-tab-selected`: Dispatched when a tab is selected
<!-- docs: end hidden content -->

### Removing a Tab

A `tab` can be removed from the DOM using any regular method (e.g., `removeChild`). In order for the removal animation to be shown, the `hideTab` helper method in `d2l-tabs` must be used. An example of this is shown below, which waits for the promise in `hideTab` to resolve and then removes the tab and panel from the DOM. Ensure that when a `tab` is removed, the corresponding panel is also removed.

```
const tabs = this.shadowRoot.querySelector('d2l-tabs');
const tab = tabs.querySelector('d2l-tab');
Promise.resolve(tabs.hideTab((tab))).then(() => {
  const panel = tabs.querySelector(`d2l-tab-panel[labelled-by="${tab.id}"]`);
  if (panel) tabs.removeChild(panel);
  tabs.removeChild(tab);
});
```

### Custom Tabs

> The `TabMixin` can be used to create custom tabs. It is IMPORTANT to call the `dispatchContentChangeEvent` function in `TabMixin` when content changes in the consumer in order to properly trigger calculations. Ensure that there is only one focusable element in any custom tab, else the focus and keyboard navigation behaviors becomes confusing for users.

Reviewer: Since the `TabMixin` applies the `role` and `tabindex` to the host element, I wonder if we should explicitly state that consumers should not render focusable elements themselves. Thoughts?

Author: That's likely a good idea. Will update.

          margin-inline-start: 0;
        }
        :host(:${unsafeCSS(getFocusPseudoClass())}) > .d2l-tab-custom-content {
          border-radius: 0.3rem;
          box-shadow: 0 0 0 2px var(--d2l-color-celestine);
          color: var(--d2l-color-celestine);
        }
      `];

      super.styles && styles.unshift(super.styles);
      return styles;
    }

    renderContent() {
      return html`
        <div class="d2l-tab-custom-content">
          <slot @slotchange="${this.#handleSlotchange}"></slot>
        </div>
      `;
    }

    #handleSlotchange() {
      this.dispatchContentChangeEvent();
    }
  }

  customElements.define('d2l-tab-custom', TabCustom);
</script>
<script type="module">
  import '@brightspace-ui/core/components/tabs/tabs.js';
  import '@brightspace-ui/core/components/tabs/tab-panel.js';
  import '@brightspace-ui/core/components/count-badge/count-badge.js';
</script>

<d2l-tabs text="Courses">
  <d2l-tab-custom id="all" slot="tabs"><div style="color: purple;">All</div></d2l-tab-custom>
  <d2l-tab-panel labelled-by="all" slot="panels">Tab content for All</d2l-tab-panel>
  <d2l-tab-custom id="biology" slot="tabs" selected>

>     Biology <d2l-count-badge has-tooltip number="100" size="small" tab-stop text="100 new notifications" type="notification"></d2l-count-badge>

Reviewer: Do we want to use `tab-stop` for the count badge? `d2l-tabs` has a bunch of code to manage the focus, where users are expected to navigate the list using arrow keys - does this interfere with its focus management? Like menu-items that use arrow keys, there may be an expectation (both code-wise and on the part of the user) that each item has a single focusable element... the tab itself. If there is a requirement for this, we should probably add it above in the guidance.

Author: Agreed - this gets the user into a confusing state. I think recommending that each tab contain only one focusable element makes sense.

  </d2l-tab-custom>
  <d2l-tab-panel labelled-by="biology" slot="panels">Tab content for Biology</d2l-tab-panel>
  <d2l-tab-custom id="chemistry" slot="tabs">Chemistry</d2l-tab-custom>
  <d2l-tab-panel labelled-by="chemistry" slot="panels">Tab content for Chemistry</d2l-tab-panel>
</d2l-tabs>
```

## Tab Panels [d2l-tab-panel]

> Selecting a tab in the tab bar causes the relevant tab panel to be displayed. Tab panels can contain text, form controls, rich media, or just about anything else. There is an optional “slot” available for related controls such as a Settings button.

Reviewer: I know this was existing before, but maybe "related" would be better than "relevant".
